Using regex package for match (#408)
xarray-contrib/cf-xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

What's New
----------

v0.7.8 (unreleased)
===================

> - Change to ``accessor.py`` to continue supporting global flags in regular expressions that are not at start of pattern. (:pr:`408`). By `Kristen Thyng`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optionally use the `regex` package to continue supporting global flags in regular expressions that are not at start of pattern. (:pr:`408`). By `Kristen Thyng`_
```
